README.md, before:

# Frontend Mentor - Art gallery website solution

## Table of contents

## Overview

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Continued development](#continued-development)
- [Author](#author)
- [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout for each page depending on their device's screen size
- See hover states for all interactive elements throughout the site
- **Bonus**: Use [Leaflet JS](https://leafletjs.com/) to create an interactive location map with custom location pin

### Screenshot

### Links

- Solution URL: [Add solution URL here](https://your-solution-url.com)
- Live Site URL: [Add live site URL here](https://your-live-site-url.com)

## My process

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox
- CSS Grid
- Mobile-first workflow
- [React](https://reactjs.org/) - JS library

### What I learned

### Continued development

Use this section to outline areas that you want to continue focusing on in future projects. These could be concepts you're still not completely comfortable with or techniques you found useful that you want to refine and perfect.

## Author

- Website - [Add your name here]()
- Frontend Mentor - [@yourusername]()
- Twitter - [@yourusername]()

## Acknowledgments

This is where you can give a hat tip to anyone who helped you out on this project. Perhaps you worked in a team or got some inspiration from someone else's solution. This is the perfect place to give them some credit.

Commit message:

Moved assets folder into the src folder created paths and imports for the images and svg dedicated to the project

README.md, after:

# Frontend Mentor - Art gallery website solution

## Table of contents

## Overview

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Continued development](#continued-development)
- [Author](#author)
- [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout for each page depending on their device's screen size
- See hover states for all interactive elements throughout the site
- **Bonus**: Use [Leaflet JS](https://leafletjs.com/) to create an interactive location map with custom location pin

### Screenshot

### Links

- Solution URL: [Add solution URL here](https://your-solution-url.com)
- Live Site URL: [Add live site URL here](https://your-live-site-url.com)

## My process

- Used React to break up the process into a more digestible format for a single page

- Place assets folder in src folder so they can be accessed in components

- Create a skeleton with all of the required text and image links

- Split everything into components

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox
- CSS Grid
- Mobile-first workflow
- [React](https://reactjs.org/) - JS library

### What I learned

- Learned about SVGs as an alternative to JPEGS, gifs and PNGs(that they are used with vectors instead of pixel grids) and scale up and down with resolution without losing quality


### Continued development

Use this section to outline areas that you want to continue focusing on in future projects. These could be concepts you're still not completely comfortable with or techniques you found useful that you want to refine and perfect.

## Author

- Website - [Add your name here]()
- Frontend Mentor - [@yourusername]()
- Twitter - [@yourusername]()

## Acknowledgments

This is where you can give a hat tip to anyone who helped you out on this project. Perhaps you worked in a team or got some inspiration from someone else's solution. This is the perfect place to give them some credit.
